The Flood which hit the city it result the rain hard which create the river the Murrumbidge the boil over and predicted the kedalaman the river will achieve 10,9 the meter in peak flood .
The first Victim the float the trail the water in the Araulen -LRB- the PLACE -RRB- , next to south New South Wales when the person it try the ride the mobilnya across the flood .
Many fan the badminton even no sure Indonesia still will capable mempertahankan tradition always reach the gold in Olympic which awake since the sport this the entry to Olympic year 1992 in Barcelona .
`` the political Leader and figure public should have the courage for the menyampaikan in public what which they admit in personal , that is a the number of the evidence show that the strategy which repressive not can overcome the problem the obatobat forbidden and the war against the obatobat -LRB- forbidden -RRB- not yet and not will can menang , '' report the the say .
The Dokter Balikmi then the mengungkapkan that she already do the operation the nose on the member the parliament it which already the memintanya for not tell to the anyone about the operation it .
The Dokter the member the team the health the association Olympic English , BOA , the concerned with the presence the deployment the virus the disease which will interfere the effort the athlete English for the reach the medal .
The Head the field the health BOA Dr. Ian McCurdie believes the difference between the success and fail in the seizure the medal can so situated on the personal health the athlete .
The BOA the chief the health Dr. Ian McCurdie believe the the difference between the success and the failure in the the race for the medals could be located on private health of the athletes .
But by the investigation which do a the team the formation the government the show had there is the correspondence the email where he write to Home Office , the department which care the issue the visa this , so slightly be accelerated , through he emphasize do not to there is the preferential treatment .
The Government Singapore require the para the employer in the country it give minimal one the day the holiday to the worker the home the ladder they start the year the front .
Because not yet there is the rule the firm written the ban the employer have the PRT the season the clothing or clean up the window of outer in the height the floor the apartment , by the Tukinah the risk the death will continue occur .
